# 🚀 0.11.1 (2023-03-13)

## Features

### New template: OpenFOAM case run

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/807729003?h=5616999028&amp;badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" title="New template: OpenFOAM case run"></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>

We're excited to announce a new feature in the latest dicehub release - the "OpenFOAM case run" template! With this new template, you can now run any OpenFOAM case easily and quickly.

To get started, all you need to do is upload your OpenFOAM case. Then, select the version you want to use - whether it's foundation, opencfd, foam-extend, or even a custom version - and click on the "run" button. The template will take care of the rest for you.

This new feature is designed to make it easier and more efficient for OpenFOAM users to run their simulations without having to worry about the technical details. With just a few clicks, you can now set up and run your simulations quickly and easily on one or multiple CPUs.

Some additional features included in this template:

- You have the ability to update your OpenFOAM files in real-time while the simulation is running.
- All files now support simultaneous real-time collaboration, allowing you to work on OpenFOAM cases with others at the same time. 
- If you're looking to run tasks in parallel or scale to multiple machines, dicehub can handle it for you effortlessly.
- In addition, dicehub provides monitoring for your created logs and can even attempt to visualize residuals if applicable.

### JupyterLab during simulation runs

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/807739152?h=c3a42b52f3&amp;badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" title="JupyterLab integration"></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>

You now have access to JupyterLab on the machine where your simulation is executed. This integration enables you to inspect and update data in real-time, even during long runs. Additionally, you can upload your own scripts and post-process data without interruption to your simulation. This feature provides increased flexibility and convenience to streamline your workflow.

### Enhanced share link functionality

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/807740944?h=100fa4a71c&amp;badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" title="Enhanced share link functionality"></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>

Our latest update also introduces an improved share link feature with enhanced permissions options. Sharing your work has never been easier - simply copy the link from the share window or from your browser URL to grant access to others. With different permission options, you can easily control who can view, edit, or run on your simulation.

### Easy file updating during simulation

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/807743944?h=e7d71d2fee&amp;badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" title="Easy file updating during simulation"></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>

A significant improvement was made in file updating during simulation. In this release, it's now easier than ever to correct numerical schemes or update time steps without interrupting your simulation. Your changes are immediately reflected in the files on the machine, modifying the simulation in real-time. This feature provides increased flexibility and convenience, allowing for quick adjustments during runtime.

### In-Browser file result inspection

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/807746342?h=cf9d8745a5&amp;badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" title="In-Browser file result inspection"></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>

This new feature allows you to inspect files of the results directly in your browser, without the need to download them. With this feature, you can easily browse and inspect data without wasting time downloading unnecessary files. This functionality is designed to improve productivity and streamline your workflow. You can now choose to only download the files you need, further reducing clutter and optimizing your experience.

### S3 API access for faster downloads

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/807752549?h=4d6d9fd695&amp;badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" title="S3_API_access_for_faster_downloads"></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>

This new feature provides S3 API access for faster downloads. With this new endpoint, you can now download data at lightning-fast speeds of up to 40 times faster than standard download rates, reaching almost ~4.3 GB/s. This feature is particularly important for simulations with a large number of files that need to be moved quickly between storage systems. We believe this update will provide users with a more seamless and enjoyable experience when working with large datasets.

### New website

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/807753997?h=4a2d84a152&amp;badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" title="New website - dicehub.com"></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>

We're excited to announce an updated website that showcases our features and makes pricing more transparent. Our website has been revamped with a fresh, modern design that provides easy access to our services and offerings. We've also improved our pricing structure to make it more transparent and user-friendly. We encourage you to check out our new website and let us know what you think.

## Smaller things and bug fixes

- Added experimental instance with a GPU (T4).
- Improved sidebar design.
- Improved runs list design.
- Improved loading procedure for applications.
- Addition of a limit for result conversion with VTK.
- Update of multiple packages and deployment of bug fixes. 
- Fix for issues with STL file names.
- Improved the user experience in case of errors when loading objects into the scene.
- Added procedure to disable steps in the interface based on snappyHexMeshDict settings.
- Improved pricing and billing structure.
- Upgrade of all OpenFOAM related templates to OpenFOAM 10-20230119 (19.01.2023).
